# Engr.-Farhan-Javed
I Engr. Farhan Javed, Co-founder of Elegant Digital Signage, believe in my exceptional qualities both in the Non-Technical as well as Technical field. I always have a keen interest in Entrepreneurship, Freelancing Hosting, Public Speaking, graphic designing, animations, motion graphics, video, and image editing, writing and even in debates.  As a Successful Freelancer, I had also been awarded as a community leader of Fiverr chapter Attock.  As a motivational speaker and career counselor, I motivate the youth and my junior fellows to be stick to their plans and goals. As a writer, I wrote multiple articles in the annual magazines of my university. I remain an ambassador of 10 different International, National, and private organizations.  Ahha! Self-learning always demands a self-confidence. As I believe in myself so I am self-motivated, solution-focused, and meticulous Technopreneur, Host, Trainer, Animator, writer, speaker, and obviously an Engineer thus exceptionally capable to handle the situation, managing exigent projects to promote growth through self-reliant and group achievements and have confidence in my skills.  I always am excited to learn in a practical manner and did the courses of multiple Digital Skills. Learning never ends thus even now I have been enrolled in multiple digital courses by my urge of learning. Adobe After Effects, Photoshop, and Illustrator are the main tools of my grip. Similarly in the telecommunication sector, I worked with four different renowned companies in multiple domains!  I covered all this with some serious health issues of Epilepsy and now I am confident enough to prove myself in my fields. I would welcome the opportunity to further discuss my skills. So today I am glad to present myself as a professional Entrepreneur, Trainer, animator, writer, presenter, debater, declamator and Professional Telecom Engineer.  Given my high level of interest, I am excited to provide additional details as needed. If you have questions or would like to schedule an interview, please contact me by e-mail at  Farhan4493@yahoo.com. 923350515286 
